city workers in Saint Cloud Florida
discovered more than 60 pounds of silver
coins stuffed in glass pickle jars in
the walls of the condemned house the
city workers were knocking down the
house in April when they heard the sound
of clinking coins like that of a Vegas
slot machine payout that sweet sound was
the sound of mm hidden silver coins
pouring from the crumbling houses walls
as a demolition crews tore into the
walls with their heavy machinery it was
like a treasure hunt the more you dug
the more you found said st. cloud code
enforcement officer
Melissa house we thought we might be
able to keep it like finders keepers but
it was City property city officials kept
the discovery quiet for months while
they waited to see if anyone came
forward to claim the hidden coins we're
going to have them appraised to see if
they're worth more by weight or as
collectible coins said st. Cloud Police
Chief Pete gauntlet the coinage
denominations are eight hundred and
sixty-one silver half dollars one
thousand sixteen silver quarters in 202
silver dimes at today silver price of
19.8 cents per troy ounce the coins
claimed by the city of st. Cloud Florida
are valued at just under ten thousand
dollars eventually they'll be auctioned
or surplus off and the money will then
be put back into this the city's general
revenue I don't know about you but if
I'm looking to find the rightful owner
of something I usually place a
lost-and-found ad if I wanted to keep it
to myself well then I do just what the
city of st. Cloud did keep quiet about
it
what do you think does the city of st.
Cloud have the right to claim these
coins leave your comments below if you
like the video mash that like button
please subscribe to my channel and check
out some of my other treasure in the new
stories and the video links here